Update audit-wcag.md (#716)
Orange-OpenSource/a11y-guidelines: src/en/mobile/ios/wcag-audit.md

The purpose of the WCAG audit is to calculate the compliance rates found in the accessibility statements which are available on Orange apps.

> Orange has developed a grid of questions called the va11ydette. This grid is built using several questions covering 50 criteria of the WCAG version 2.2 levels A and AA, applicable to mobile applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orange has created an evaluation checklist called the Va11ydette. This tool splits the 50 WCAG 2.2 level A and AA criteria for mobile applications into a series of questions.
```

> Orange has developed a grid of questions called the va11ydette. This grid is built using several questions covering the 55 criteria of the WCAG version 2.2 levels A and AA. Each question is used to validate or invalidate one or more criteria, and any given criterion can be addressed by one or more questions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Orange has developed a grid of questions called the va11ydette. This grid is built using several questions covering 50 criteria of the WCAG version 2.2 levels A and AA, applicable to mobile applications. Each question is used to validate or invalidate one or more criteria, and any given criterion can be addressed by one or more questions. 
```
